 "To the Editor:", "abstract": "A former marketing director at Google wants to return power to the social media consumer."
"JERUSALEM — The teenager’s Instagram posts start out breezily enough. Eva Heyman, who just got her first pair of heels for her 13th birthday, films herself eating ice cream in the park. There’s also a teenage crush."
"There has been a lot of worry about adolescents and social media over the past couple of weeks, with new studies and reports raising questions about mental health and vulnerability, sleep and suicide. I recently wrote about the question of whether the word “addiction” is helpful in understanding our worries about adolescents and their relationships to the devices that connect them to their friends and their world."
 "Visa applicants to the United States are required to submit any information about social media accounts they have used in the past five years under a State Department policy that started on Friday."
"Who are your favorite social media stars? What do you like about them?"
"Each week, we review the week’s news, offering analysis about the most important developments in the tech industry. Want this newsletter in your inbox? Sign up here."
"Sri Lanka blocked several social media networks in the wake of terrorist attacks on Sunday, including Facebook and the messaging service WhatsApp. The extraordinary step reflects growing global concern, particularly among governments, about the capacity of American-owned networks to spin up violence."
"HARTFORD, Conn. — Police in a Connecticut city were still searching Friday for a fugitive who failed to honor an agreement and surrender once enough people responded positively to his wanted poster on social media."
"This is the ugly conundrum of the digital age: When you traffic in outrage, you get death."
"I’m sorry to be the one to have to tell the president, but someone has to: Social media is not the public square, not even a virtual one."
"When Jussie Smollett reported he had been assaulted while walking in downtown Chicago, the outpouring of support was immediate and expansive. Hollywood stars, advocacy groups like GLAAD and presidential candidates expressed outrage at the incident and warmth toward Mr. Smollett. But Thursday, in the wake of his arrest, numerous public figures, some of whom had started out in his corner, returned to social media or spoke out elsewhere to give voice to their evolving sentiments on the matter."
"Unlike the last American presidential election, there was no obvious cybermeddling when Canadians voted in 2015 (nor, for that matter, are there signs of it in Alberta, where I’m writing this week’s newsletter as residents get ready to vote on Tuesday)."
"Do you follow any social media influencers? If yes, why?"
"SYDNEY, Australia — What if live-streaming required a government permit, and videos could only be broadcast online after a seven-second delay?"
"WASHINGTON — The State Department is now requiring nearly all applicants for U.S. visas to submit their social media usernames, previous email addresses and phone numbers. It's a vast expansion of the Trump administration's enhanced screening of potential immigrants and visitors."
"If you want to go viral on social media or gain a mass audience in China, get on Weibo, China’s Twitter and now the country’s most popular microblogging site."
 "OXON HILL, Md. — Akash Vukoti no longer stands out at the Scripps National Spelling Bee for his age, not with a record 23 spellers competing this year who are 9 or younger."
"A year ago, in his annual New Year’s resolution post, Mark Zuckerberg pledged to spend 2018 fixing Facebook by addressing foreign manipulation, election interference and other threats. He and other tech leaders should probably renew that vow for 2019, and 2020, and possibly every year after that."
 "RIO DE JANEIRO — Soccer star Neymar has responded to a woman's allegation he raped her in Paris by issuing social media posts meant to show the accuser sent friendly messages following the alleged attack, and police turned up at a training session on Sunday to investigate."
"COLOMBO, Sri Lanka — Sri Lanka’s president on Tuesday called for the “immediate” lifting of a temporary ban on several social media networks, a clampdown that had been intended to prevent the spread of misinformation after devastating suicide bombings on Easter."
"SAN FRANCISCO — In July 2013, a broadcaster affiliated with the Islamist group Hezbollah posted a threatening video on Facebook, YouTube and Twitter. It featured gun-toting militants practicing an ambush to kidnap Israeli soldiers. The message: This is how we kill you."
"MEXICO CITY — Popocatépetl, the active volcano that rises some 40 miles southeast of the Mexican capital, exploded Monday night, sending a plume of ash and gas more than two miles into the inky sky and raining glowing rocks onto its slopes."
"Times Insider delivers behind-the-scenes insights into how news, features and opinion come together at The New York Times."
"Send questions about the office, money, careers and work-life balance to workfriend@nytimes.com. Include your name and location, even if you want them withheld. Letters may be edited."
"(Reuters) - A network of fake social media accounts impersonated political candidates and journalists to spread messages in support of Iran and against U.S. President Donald Trump around the 2018 congressional elections, cybersecurity firm FireEye said on Tuesday."
"The Trump administration escalated its conflict with the tech industry on Wednesday, unveiling a website that asks people who think their viewpoints have been censored by social media platforms to share their stories — and their contact information."
"Australia passed sweeping legislation Thursday that threatens huge fines for social media companies and jail for their executives if they fail to rapidly remove “abhorrent violent material” from their platforms."
"Top plastic surgeons and cosmetic dermatologists gathered at the Ritz-Carlton in Cancun one weekend this month to learn about a wrinkle-smoothing injection, Jeuveau, that goes on sale this week."
"Exactly a year ago, Facebook’s chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, testified before Congress and apologized for his company’s role in enabling “fake news, foreign interference in elections and hate speech.” "
"LONDON — “Want to see more of Lasse L. Matberg?” NATO asked on Facebook last October about an officer who acted as the public face for a recent military exercise. The following week, it said, he was to take part in Trident Juncture 2018, NATO’s “biggest exercise in decades.”"
"SAN FRANCISCO — On Monday, a search on Instagram, the photo-sharing site owned by Facebook, produced a torrent of anti-Semitic images and videos uploaded in the wake of Saturday’s shooting at a Pittsburgh synagogue."
"About an hour after downloading TikTok, the popular video-sharing app, I experienced a bizarre sensation, one I haven’t felt in a long time while on the internet. The knot in my chest loosened, my head felt injected with helium, and the corners of my mouth crept upward into a smile."
 "There’s a ubiquitous joke on Twitter that goes like this: “Sir, this is an Arby’s.” That sentence is the punch line, deployed after a setup in which an earnest speaker expounds on anything from elaborate pop-culture theories to sports to politics — only for it to be revealed that, all along, he was ranting at an innocent fast-food cashier. My favorite iterations are self-deprecating gibes at the speaker’s own spiraling neuroses and bugbears. (“Ugh, this paper has another logistic regression with way too many variables for such a small data set. You’d think by now people would know, but NO!” “Sir, this is an Arby’s.”) If the joke has a point, it’s that the pressures of modern life — or at least Twitter — lead us to blurt out decontextualized tirades to anyone in the vicinity; that we’ve lost our ability, or willingness, to read the room. Because the room here is a fast-food restaurant — a space that, like Twitter, helps produce the alienation that generates its business — there’s a recursive quality to the meme. Both are equally appropriate sites for a nervous breakdown."
"WASHINGTON — If you’re on federal disability payments and on social media, be careful what you post. Uncle Sam wants to watch."
"Each week, technology reporters and columnists from The New York Times review the week’s news, offering analysis and maybe a joke or two about the most important developments in the tech industry. Want this newsletter in your inbox? Sign up here."
"The gunman in the Christchurch mosque shootings shared a racist manifesto online and posted live video of his attack on Facebook. We spoke to terrorism experts about why this matters."
 "When Russia targets Americans on social media, it has political goals: in 2016, to damage Hillary Clinton and help elect Donald J. Trump; since then, to press Russian views on issues like the conflicts in Syria and Ukraine; and in the future — who knows? "
"The promise of the internet, and social media in particular, was that it would not only allow anyone the opportunity to speak, but would also make it possible for anyone to precisely tailor what he reads, sees and hears online. News and information would no longer be mediated by newspaper editors, television producers and other gatekeepers. Instead, social media would allow direct access to individual voices in a feed custom-built by the user. It was a new frontier for both unregulated free expression and individual control."
"LONDON — With even Silicon Valley worrying about the effect of technology exposure on young people, Britain’s top doctors on Thursday issued advice to families about social media and screen use. Their prescriptions: Leave phones outside the bedroom. Screen-free meals are a good idea. When in doubt, don’t upload. And get more exercise."
"Letitia James, the attorney general of New York, announced a settlement on Wednesday with Devumi, a company that sold hundreds of millions of fake followers on Twitter and other social media platforms before going out of business last year."
 "EAST SUSSEX, England — To an online travel site popular with younger Chinese travelers, the cliffs about two hours’ drive south of London are a “windy paradise.” In June, a South Korean actress shared a picture of herself at the cliffs, along with a video in which she stands uncomfortably close to the vertiginous edge. And the stars of a Korean reality television show visited them in a spring episode."
"Each week, technology reporters and columnists from The New York Times review the week’s news, offering analysis and maybe a joke or two about the most important developments in the tech industry. Want this newsletter in your inbox? Sign up here."
"Scott Van Pelt closed an episode of “SportsCenter” last month with a two-minute monologue about the 31st anniversary of his father’s death. Strengthened by two friends who had recently lost their parents, Van Pelt spoke passionately about running from grief, and encouraged everyone to do the opposite — to articulate their pain so they could overcome it."
"Democrats appear to be winning on social media, except in some key races."
"Do your parents and other adults keep up with you on social media? If they do follow you, do you think they do it more out of curiosity about your interests, or to monitor your actions?"
"ROME — Matteo Salvini likes spreading Nutella on his morning bread. He winds down with a bowl of Barilla pasta and a glass of Barolo wine. He heeds the words of wisdom inside the wrappers of Perugina Bacio chocolates. He drinks Moretti beer."
"The culture of internet book criticism is passionate and intense. Late last month, Amélie Wen Zhao, a debut author, canceled her young adult fantasy novel after early readers accused her of racial insensitivity online. Here are two different perspectives from writers who have had similar experiences."
"Until 2016, Cesar Altieri Sayoc Jr.’s life on social media looked unremarkable. On his Facebook page, he posted photos of decadent meals, gym workouts, scantily clad women and sports games — the stereotypical trappings of middle-age masculinity."
"Olivia Jade Giannulli, whose parents are two of the dozens of people accused of cheating to get their children into elite colleges, quickly capitalized on her student status when she began her first semester at the University of Southern California in the fall of 2018."
"Russia created a playbook for spreading disinformation on social media. Now the rest of the world is following it."
"It’s been years since the tobacco industry promised to stop luring young people to smoke cigarettes. "
"Good Monday.  Want this by email? Sign up here."
"BERKELEY HEIGHTS, N.J. — President Trump said on Saturday that conservative voices were being unfairly censored on social media, hinting that he might intervene if his allies’ accounts continued to be shut down."
"Never mind who’s being naughty or nice, Santa Claus himself supposedly has had bigger problems in Iraq and Syria, where he either did or did not get arrested in the run-up to his big night this year."
"Before reading the article: "
 "SAN FRANCISCO — Sunday marks exactly eight months until the Iowa caucuses, but only a single, long-shot Democratic candidate in the party’s sprawling field, Representative Tim Ryan, spent the weekend campaigning there."
"SAN FRANCISCO — For years, people seemed to have an unlimited appetite for signing up for social media services. Now some of those companies may be hitting a wall to adding new users."
"For some, social media is a tool; for others, it’s a job; and for even more, it’s a door to a different world. But in “The American Meme,” the filmmaker Bert Marcus wants to frame it as a cracked mirror that reflects the worst in all of us."
"Before reading the article: "
"How do New York Times journalists use technology in their jobs and in their personal lives? Max Fisher, a reporter based in London who co-writes The Interpreter column and newsletter, discussed the tech he’s using."
 "The “Dry Alabama” Facebook page, illustrated with stark images of car wrecks and videos of families ruined by drink, had a blunt message: Alcohol is the devil’s work, and the state should ban it entirely."
"A writer points out the irony of the Russian leader warning his people not to turn to the internet for accurate news."
"New laws in Egypt and elsewhere treat social media users as media outlets, says Freedom on the Net Director Sanja Kelly of Freedom House."
"The Senate Intelligence Committee released on Monday two new reports that it commissioned about the Russian campaigns on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and other social media platforms during the 2016 election and beyond. The reports, by teams led by experts at the cybersecurity company New Knowledge and Oxford University, fill out a portrait of the impressive operations by the Internet Research Agency in St. Petersburg."
 "“Be More Chill,” an energetic sci-fi musical set in the anxious halls of a high school, is coming to Broadway, propelled not by a presold megabrand or raves from critics, but a surge of social media."
"A lobbying group for the tech companies calls for perspective, and readers discuss the issue of privacy."
"Instagram may be blocked in China, but it can still make waves there. "
"I don’t need to tell you that something is wrong with social media."
"Tara Fares was a model and a social media star whose carefully crafted lifestyle and fashion photos drew in more than 2.7 million followers on Instagram."
"Thousands of people gathered outside a hockey arena in South Florida on Wednesday, waiting to get a glimpse of the rapper XXXTentacion. Avid fans wore show-merch T-shirts and stood in long lines to enter the arena, the BB&T Center in Sunrise, just a few miles from where the artist was born. But they weren’t there for one of his concerts. They were there for his memorial."
"Monika Sprüth, Co-Founder of Sprüth Magers, speaks to the New York Times Art Leaders Network about the necessity and limitations of social media for art galleries."
"Two readers discuss the Facebook-Cambridge Analytica story and how we came to elect President Trump."
 "BERKELEY, Calif. — A job at Facebook sounds pretty plum. The interns make around $8,000 a month, and an entry-level software engineer makes about $140,000 a year. The food is free. There’s a walking trail with indigenous plants and a juice bar."
"SAN FRANCISCO — Kip Moore, a country music singer-songwriter with hits like “Beer Money” and “Hey Pretty Girl,” has had some disturbing experiences with fans lately."
"Hours after the deadly school shooting in Parkland, Fla., companies that market their services to schools began to speak up. “Governor, take pride that a Vermont-based company is helping schools identify the violence before it happens,” one company wrote on Twitter to Gov. Phil Scott of Vermont."
"The Russian influence campaign on social media in the 2016 election made an extraordinary effort to target African-Americans, used an array of tactics to try to suppress turnout among Democratic voters and unleashed a blizzard of activity on Instagram that rivaled or exceeded its posts on Facebook, according to a report produced for the Senate Intelligence Committee."
 "Monika Sprüth, Co-Founder of Sprüth Magers, speaks to The New York Times Art Leaders Network about the necessity and limitations of social media for art galleries."
"A Department of Transportation worker in Missouri picked up cashier shifts at Barnes & Noble. A paralegal for the Justice Department in Texas stopped using her “gas-guzzling” pickup truck and pulled her motorcycle out of storage. An air traffic controller in California is avoiding any purchases that aren’t vital."
"ROME — Rarely have expectations for a tree been so high."
"In 2015, it was Patricia Arquette advocating equal pay. In 2016, it was #OscarsSoWhite. Last year it was the envelope snafu. What will be the most buzzed about moment at tonight’s Oscars? Whatever news the 90th Academy Awards ceremony makes, the editors on The New York Times’s social media team stand ready to spot it and share it."
 "Readers say “follow the money,” and call on tech companies to limit their news feeds to legitimate sources."
"We are honoring each of the Top 10 winners of our Fifth Annual Student Editorial Contest by publishing an essay a day. You can find them all here."
"Nine days ago, we learned that Cambridge Analytica, the firm engaged by the Trump campaign to lead its digital strategy leading up to the 2016 United States presidential elections, illegitimately gained access to the Facebook data of more than 50 million users, many of them American voters. This revelation came on the heels of the announcement made last month by the Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller of the indictment of 13 Russians who worked for the Internet Research Agency, a “troll farm” tied to the Kremlin, charging that they wielded fake social media accounts to influence the 2016 presidential elections."
"Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines — and the power-brokers who shape them.__________"
"The secretary of education, Betsy DeVos, had only just announced that she would visit Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School when the students began to react."
"It’s possible that even a few years ago the gesture would have come across as sweet or romantic: a man begging his wife’s forgiveness in a public display of affection. But in 2018, when Offset interrupted Cardi B’s headlining set at a music festival to attempt a reconciliation, it came across as a move from an outdated playbook."
"After a weeklong blackout, the Sri Lankan government lifted its nationwide ban on social media on Thursday. Facebook and several other platforms had been shut down after days of violence targeting Muslims in the Kandy district, a popular destination for tourists and pilgrims. The violence began after a Sinhalese Buddhist truck driver was killed in a road-rage incident. Buddhist chauvinist groups flocked to the area, and their visits were followed by looting, arson, and attacks on mosques and on businesses operated by Muslims."
"THE AGE OF SURVEILLANCE CAPITALISM The Fight for a Human Future at the New Frontier of Power By Shoshana Zuboff 691 pp. PublicAffairs. $38"
"Nearly all applicants for a visa to enter the United States — an estimated 14.7 million people a year — will be asked to submit their social media user names for the past five years, under proposed rules that the State Department issued on Friday."
"Queen Elizabeth II may not have been amused, but the Twitterati certainly were."
Before we get to Keith Hernandez and what a former sports star is to do after the glory of the field and, of course, the viral videos of his cat on social media, consider a few things."
"It’s harder to ignore harassment, or retaliate against accusers, when reports are bolstered by the stories of many others and the public is watching."
"They have feuded with Facebook, been defended by Senator Ted Cruz and were mentioned by Mark Zuckerberg in remarks before Congress. They are Diamond and Silk."
"Last year Hamish Bowles, a writer for Vogue, asked Rihanna in an interview about her big-picture plans for her fashion brand. “I know where I’m going next,” she said. “But I can’t tell you that. What’s the fun in that?”"
"In one Facebook post, two teenage boys posed in a photo with handguns on each of their laps."
"How to use social media."
"The New York Times would like to hear from people who have had their identity stolen from a social media profile."
"SAN FRANCISCO — As protests in Iran stretched into their sixth day on Tuesday, the Iranian authorities continued to restrict access to social media tools that have become key sources of information to antigovernment demonstrators."
"The night that ended far differently started out normal. It was Thursday at Mekelburg’s, a busy Brooklyn grocery with a cafe and bar in the back and picnic tables on the patio, with locals tucking into sandwiches and sipping craft beers."
"Do you use social media? If so, would you ever consider disconnecting from a particular platform you use now, or leaving all your social media feeds entirely? What do you think you would gain or lose?"
"Bettina Edelstein talks to Times media reporter Brian Stelter about the TV industry's embrace of Twitter and other social media. J.D. Biersdorfer chats with David Steinberger, the CEO of ComiXology, about digital comics on tablets and smartphones. And Pedro Rafael Rosado takes on the tech term \"mobile tagging.\" This week's news roundup includes GPS for students; video streaming  for Amazon Prime subscribers; big investments in the Spotify online music service; and South Korea's plan to expand high-speed broadband. J.D.'s tech tip: Customizing how you sort your iTunes library."
"This week, a video surfaced of a Harvard professor, Steven Pinker, which appeared to show him lauding members of a racist movement. The clip, which was pulled from a November event at Harvard put on by Spiked magazine, showed Mr. Pinker referring to “the often highly literate, highly intelligent people who gravitate to the alt-right” and calling them “internet savvy” and “media savvy.”"
"“HOTTIE ALERT,” the Indianapolis Colts wrote on their official Instagram account for their cheerleading squad, below a photo of a string-bikini-clad cheerleader."
"BEIJING — Bowing to intense pressure from millions of internet users, a Chinese social media site said on Monday that it would scrap plans to censor cartoons and video games with gay themes."
"HO CHI MINH CITY, Vietnam — When access to Facebook’s Messenger app went intermittent throughout Vietnam on Nov. 4 — an unusual occurrence, even in this repressive state — netizens were thrown for a loop. “Has it happened already?” some of my Facebook friends asked."
"You may be reeling from revelations that the private Facebook data of millions unwittingly got in the hands of a voter-profiling firm with ties to President Trump. And you may be weighing the pros and cons of deleting your social media accounts altogether."
"LeSean McCoy, a running back for the Buffalo Bills, strongly denied allegations that appeared on social media Tuesday that he was involved in the violent assault of a woman."
"What do you think this image is saying? How does it relate to and comment on society? Do you identify with it in any way?"
"HONG KONG — President Trump’s tweet Tuesday taunting the North Korean leader Kim Jong-un over the relative strength of the two nations’ nuclear arsenals set off a torrent of concern on Twitter — and a few jokes about masculine preoccupation with size."
"MTV’s “TRL” recently welcomed Poppy, a rising star with hologram-perfect skin, an avant-garde Japanese schoolgirl wardrobe and a voice like Betty Boop’s on benzos."
 "[Update: We asked Kylie Jenner about this bit of drama. Here’s what she had to say.]"
"One of Facebook’s co-founders called for it to be broken up. Readers discuss if that’s necessary and wise."
"MADRID — It was a humiliating video that fueled outrage on social media. A YouTube prankster filmed himself offering a homeless man in Barcelona an Oreo cookie filled with toothpaste rather than cream."
"WELLINGTON, New Zealand — New Zealand’s prime minister said on Wednesday that she would meet with French leaders next month in hopes of forging an agreement between governments and technology companies aimed at eliminating violent extremist content on the internet."
"According to Jimmy Kimmel, Barbra Streisand has never appeared on his talk show because he refused to swap around his set so the cameras would get her best side and not mention the change. "
"MUMBAI, India — In the continuing Indian elections, as 900 million people are voting to elect representatives to the lower house of the Parliament, disinformation and hate speech are drowning out truth on social media networks in the country and creating a public health crisis like the pandemics of the past century."
"PARKLAND, Fla. — A Florida social services agency conducted an in-home investigation of Nikolas Cruz after he exhibited troubling behavior nearly a year and a half before he shot and killed 17 people at his former high school in Florida, a state report shows."
"Let’s say you’re scrolling through Instagram. That tantalizing green salad? You’ll fly by it. Ditto the photo of the mysterious-looking woman on the beach or that candid shot of a friend of a friend. Oh, and look — a puppy."
"It has been 25 years since the “Blue Album” was released, and Weezer is having a resurgence. Your album “Pacific Daydream” is nominated for a Grammy this year; you just released the “Teal Album,” and the “Black Album” is coming out in March. Most important, your cover of Toto’s “Africa” hit more than 25 million streams on Spotify. Well, that started with a 14-year-old girl in Ohio who spammed us every day requesting us to cover Toto’s “Africa.” We let it play out for a few months and decided to release Toto’s “Rosanna.” Then, a week later, we put out “Africa.”"
"Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chief executive, went to Capitol Hill this week to explain to members of Congress how the detailed personal information of up to 87 million Facebook users ended up in the hands of a voter-profiling company called Cambridge Analytica."
"When James Charles, 19, became the first male face of CoverGirl, following in the steps of household names like Tyra Banks, Taylor Swift and Katy Perry, he was just a high school senior. In his hometown, Bethlehem, N.Y., he would charge friends between $5 and $10 to do their makeup for special occasions and had amassed a few hundred thousand Instagram followers by posting his eye-catching D.I.Y. beauty looks. "
"WASHINGTON — As part of a monthlong challenge to declutter her digital life, Kristi Kremers vowed she would cut off her online addictions: Instagram, Facebook and the news websites she checks hourly."
"In early June, the Washington office of Representative Pramila Jayapal began to hear rumors about the women. They had crossed into Texas, where Border Patrol officers promptly arrested them. But now the women were somewhere around Seattle, the city Jayapal represents."
"BEIJING — Executives from the Chinese technology giant Huawei have been out in force recently. In interviews with international broadcasters and at events overseas, they have tried to fend off American officials’ allegations that the company has broken United States laws and can spy on Beijing’s behalf. "
"The digital publishing industry took a big hit in recent days, when more than 1,000 employees were laid off at BuzzFeed, AOL, Yahoo and HuffPost. Vice Media started the process of laying off some 250 workers on Friday, and Mic, a site aimed at younger readers, axed much of its staff two months ago before a competitor bought it in a fire sale. Coupled with recent layoffs at Gannett, the company behind USA Today and other dailies nationwide, the crisis in the digital sphere suggested that the journalism business was damned if it embraced innovation and damned if it didn’t."
"Regulators on four continents are preparing for a long-awaited showdown with Facebook, after years of disinterest and half-steps."
"Over the past several years we’ve learned a lot about the unintended consequences of social media. Platforms intended to bring us closer together make us angrier and more isolated. Platforms aimed at democratizing speech empower demagogues. Platforms celebrating community violate our privacy in ways we scarcely realize and serve as conduits for deceptions hiding in plain sight."
"Times Insider explains who we are and what we do, and delivers behind-the-scenes insights into how our journalism comes together."
"“Be attentive to the reasons someone might disagree with you,” says Fanele Mashwama, whose two-person team won the World Universities Debating Championship in 2016. It isn’t enough, in other words, to dwell only on the strengths of your own position. Accept that an issue like whether to increase the minimum wage, for example, can have strong reasons on both sides. “I could give very good considerations in favor of my side of the policy,” Mashwama says, “but those might not be relevant in light of the actual reasons my opponent has an opposing opinion.” This is common on social media, he adds; too often, people aren’t listening to one another. So rather than lead with your strongest arguments, start by interrogating those of your adversary."
"This should be the golden age of the aphorism. Constrained as we all are by time, attention and social media platform character limits, when we pull out our smartphones and stare into their illuminated fields, we can take in only so much. Shouldn’t those words be perfectly chosen to vibrate with hidden meanings?"
"Jason Richards is known as @Seinfeld2000 on Twitter, where he explains what the world would be like if “Seinfeld” were on TV today. He messaged me recently to explain that he was incensed by the misuse of a meme that he says he popularized three years ago. This meme consists of adding the theme music from “Curb Your Enthusiasm” to an unrelated video clip, often zooming in on someone who is visibly trapped in an awkward situation and thereby making light of the person. In 2019, he said, he is looking to help end the meme. I invited him to tell me more, so he did. (This interview was stitched together from many, many direct messages, and a telephone conversation, and edited for clarity, coherence and grammar.) — JONAH ENGEL BROMWICH"
"WELLINGTON, New Zealand — At 1:40 p.m. on Friday, March 15, a gunman entered a mosque in the city of Christchurch and shot dead 41 people as they worshiped. "
"KARACHI, Pakistan — On International Women’s Day in Pakistan last month, thousands of exuberant young feminists staged their second Aurat (women’s) March. Intended to build on the success of a well-received march last year, it was designed to be inclusive, peaceful and raucously joyful. It had women from all walks of life, some in Western clothes, others in full veils, head scarves and burqas. Women from cities and villages. Female health workers and teachers. Trans women and male allies."
"Ancient treasures pillaged from conflict zones in the Middle East are being offered for sale on Facebook, researchers say, including items that may have been looted by Islamic State militants."
"President Nicolás Maduro used state television to sell his message. Juan Guaidó, the opposition leader and self-declared president, took to social media. Here’s how these two leaders are trying to control the country — and the narrative."
"On the internet, conspiracy theories, propaganda and plain old inaccuracies can stump even the most thoughtful readers, spreading faster than you can say “fake news.”"
"Wedding photographers can’t possibly capture every moment of your special day, but guests can easily fill in the gaps on social media."
"Sergei Polunin will dance at the Paris Opera Ballet. Sergei Polunin will not dance at the Paris Opera Ballet."
"OXON HILL, Md. — A year ago, attendees at the Conservative Political Action Conference, the annual jamboree of the political right, were greeted by Big Tech with open arms and open bars."
"abstract": "A reader writes that as the company deals with toxic content, we have good reason to root for its success."
"A reader writes that as the company deals with toxic content, we have good reason to root for its success."
"Over the past several years, teenage suicide rates have spiked horrifically. Depression rates are surging and America’s mental health over all is deteriorating. What’s going on?"
"“Obviously this is not our usual business.”"
"ZUCKED Waking Up to the Facebook CatastropheBy Roger McNamee"
"Earlier this month, a video of Joe Biden saying he had “no empathy” for “the younger generation” that “tells me how tough things are” resurfaced on social media. The video was over a year old, but it elicited predictable howls from members of the dissed demographic. “Nothing says ‘perfect candidate to lead the most powerful nation in the world’ like ‘I have no empathy,’” wrote someone with the Twitter handle @anarchopriapism."
 "Let’s make the future great again."
"SHANGHAI — Three days before the most sensitive political anniversary on the Chinese calendar, Twitter suspended the accounts of Chinese political commentators in what it said was an accident. The move showed starkly the global political ramifications of Silicon Valley slip-ups."
"SHENZHEN — Facebook’s apps and websites have been blocked in China for years. The company has no office in the country that supports its social networking services. And its attempts to open a subsidiary have been quickly snuffed out."
"By now you have probably heard of influencers, that group of internet-famous people who have more than a million social media followers and can make big money by plugging various brands. And you may have even heard of microinfluencers, who do the same thing for a still sizable but somewhat smaller social media audience — from the tens to low hundreds of thousands."
"On Tuesday, after the Alabama Senate voted to pass a bill that would ban almost all abortions in the state, the actress Busy Philipps felt compelled to take action. “Women deserve compassion and understanding in their personal health choices,” Ms. Philipps, 39, said on Wednesday. “This is something a lot of people experience and go through in their lives, and it’s a health care decision like many health care decisions.”"

